FastStore: Third-party scripts known issue (#1377)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/reference/project-structure/handling-third-party-scripts.mdx

Third-party scripts are elements embedded in a webpage but served from a different domain than the one the user visits. Examples of these scripts include social media buttons, video players, ads, analytics tools, and other elements contributing to a more dynamic and interactive web experience.

> > Currently, FastStore stores are having issues receiving Google Tag Manager events due to integration between FastStore and [Partytown](https://partytown.builder.io/). The team is already investigating to fix it. Meanwhile, Refer to the workaround available in the [known issue article](https://help.vtex.com/en/known-issues/gtm-scripts-are-not-loading-on-the-native-thirdparty-scripts--4hTYThw8092OCHhUIvpCAa).

Author: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Currently, FastStore stores are having issues receiving Google Tag Manager events due to integration between FastStore and [Partytown](https://partytown.builder.io/). The team is already investigating to fix it. Meanwhile, Refer to the workaround available in the [known issue article](https://help.vtex.com/en/known-issues/gtm-scripts-are-not-loading-on-the-native-thirdparty-scripts--4hTYThw8092OCHhUIvpCAa).
```

> > ⚠️ Currently, FastStore stores are having issues receiving Google Tag Manager events due to integration between FastStore and [Partytown](https://partytown.builder.io/). The team is already investigating to fix it. Meanwhile, Refer to the workaround available in the [known issue article](https://help.vtex.com/en/known-issues/gtm-scripts-are-not-loading-on-the-native-thirdparty-scripts--4hTYThw8092OCHhUIvpCAa).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ There is an ongoing issue where FastStore stores are not receiving Google Tag Manager (GTM) events due to an integration conflict between FastStore and [Partytown](https://partytown.builder.io/). The team is actively working on a fix.
>
> In the meantime, please follow the workaround outlined in this [Known Issue article](https://help.vtex.com/en/known-issues/gtm-scripts-are-not-loading-on-the-native-thirdparty-scripts--4hTYThw8092OCHhUIvpCAa).
```
